chore(angular): Clarify `@sentry/angular` and `@sentry/angular-ivy` version compatibility (#8036)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: packages/angular-ivy/README.md

## Angular Version Compatibility

> This SDK officially supports Angular 12 and newer with Angular's new rendering engine, Ivy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK officially supports Angular 12 to 16 with Angular's new rendering engine, Ivy.
```

shouldn't we still be explicit here, maybe? For the future 😅 Also I guess we still need to bump peer deps, right? Or are we doing this separately?

Author: Yeah good point, you're right. Let's stay explicit.
